Claire Goldfarb - Miroir renversé
Mondii - Watercolour Park
The Forsaken Odes Conglomerate - Shambolic Decency (Hushed Up)
Uské Orchestra - La cloche clitoris
The Forsaken Odes Conglomerate - Dalai's shaggy phizog
Subskan - Tyrell's Downstroke
Don Quishoote - Machinal ritual (the Drum machine)
Claire Goldfarb - Ton ventricule gauche boitille
The Forsaken Odes Conglomerate - Tender Spot (Recorrer Mirando Sin Aliento)
Seal Phüric - Sacrificio (Polygon Window - Quino-Phec)
Uské Orchestra - Loly Bobo
The Forsaken Odes Conglomerate - The Clan of Pahoum Kle
Subskan - Le pourtour de murailles
Subskan - Oomah
Neptunian8 + Don Quishoote - Les zones actives
The Syncopated Elevators Legacy - embryo 3
The Forsaken Odes Conglomerate - Shambling Shaby Mamy (t800 Toll)
Seal Phüric - Hype's Nose (L'opium Du Peuple)
Subskan - Spanking Godzilla's Mother (Ouch!)
Passarani - Nno
Claire Goldfarb - Uzai
Passarani - Nul